Run EA container + managed by fleet + standalone + autodiscovery (#2366)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/elastic-agent-container.asciidoc

[[elastic-agent-container]]
= Run {agent} in a container

> You can run {agent} inside of a container -- either with {fleet-server} or standalone. Docker images for all versions of {agent} are available from the https://www.docker.elastic.co/r/beats/elastic-agent[Elastic Docker registry]. If you are running in Kubernetes, refer to {eck-ref}/k8s-elastic-agent.html[run {agent} on ECK].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run {agent} inside a container -- either with {fleet-server} or standalone. Docker images for all versions of {agent} are available from the https://www.docker.elastic.co/r/beats/elastic-agent[Elastic Docker registry]. If you are running in Kubernetes, refer to {eck-ref}/k8s-elastic-agent.html[run {agent} on ECK].
```

Check the fleet-server subprocess logs for more information.

[discrete]
== Debugging

> A monitoring endpoint can be enabled to expose resource usage and event processing data. The endpoint is compatible with {agent}s running in both {fleet} mode and Standalone mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable the monitoring endpoint to expose resource usage and event processing data. The endpoint is compatible with {agent}s running in both {fleet} mode and Standalone mode.
```
